# python-challenge
UNCC Data Science Bootcamp - Module 3 Python Challenge

# PyBank
This exercise analyzes the data for monthly earnings (profits and losses) from datafile 'budget_data.csv' found in the 'Resources' folder. 

The code calculates the total earnings over the total number of months recorded, the average change in the earnings from month to month, the maximum increase and decrease in earnings with the related month of ocurrence.
The code file 'main.py' can be found in the 'PyBank' folder. 

A text file with the output is generated by the code and stored as 'PyBank.txt' in the 'analysis' folder.

# PyPoll
This exercise analyzes the data for the votes received by a candidate in different counties from datafile 'election_data.csv' found in the 'Resources' folder. 

The code calculates the total votes recorded, tallies the votes per candidate and related percentage, and identifies the maximum votes received by one candidate to name the election winner.
The code file 'main.py' can be found in the 'PyPoll' folder. 

A text file with the output is generated by the code and stored as 'PyPoll.txt' in the 'analysis' folder.


# Credits
In addition to the class exercises, I used different online searches to understand better the syntax and coding options to complete the task. Most answers to my Google searches were out of Stack Overflow and GeeksforGeeks.
Sharing experiences with my classmates also helped me to use the online searches to guide me in the use of different code syntax and learn in the process. In particular, Kelly and Mackensie.

#
